Ice work.
In this lecture, we are going to have up to three types of AI.
One is going to be for the preparing section.
The other is going to be for the shipping.
And the third is going to be for the delivery.
To do this, we have to go to the seller, order screen and in order to use Tableau.
The first step is to wrap this scaffold with something known as default type controller.
So what you have to do is to alight and use controller.
Sorry.
Highlight and use controller and then wrap with widgets.
And it is something known as default.
They fought sub.
But.
I an octopus addiction.
Okay.
Default tab controller.
Now within the default tab controller, it has a property known as land, which is basically referring
to how many tab we need.
Okay.
And like I said, we are going to be needing Siri tabs so we can then say Siri.
And now it's in the harbor.
It has a property known as bottom.
Okay.
And for the bottom, it's going to take you something known as Zorba.
Tabar.
It has a property known as tops that is least of types.
And now we can have the first tub.
Okay.
Now it's in the tab.
It has the property known as child for the child is going to be a test widget and this is going to be
preparing.
Preparing.
And this is this is not going to be seen.
So what we can do is you can give this a style by Haydn style.
And this is going to be test.
STI.
Okay.
The star.
And now we can give this a color or maybe colors.
So he call us.
The black.
Okay.
We can then come over there.
And first of all, we cannot wait to see what you are missing.
I think we are missing an additional parenthesis and now we can copy.
This tab.
Okay.
Copy.
And we are going to pace this and this is going to say ship in.
Shipping.
And lastly, we are going to face this.
And this is going to say.
The levered.
Okay.
And this are the three types we need.
And now we need the contents of the we need the content for each tab right now to do this within the
scaffold.
It has a property known as body and this is going to be something known as TAB.
But then the.
Okay.
It's going to take multiple contents.
So it has this property, it has the children as its property.
And for the now, the first contents can be a center widgets and we can then have a child.
Child, which is going to be a test widget.
And this is going to save preparing.
And now we can copy this.
And paste.
This is going to be for the shipping.
Chip in.
And lastly.
This is going to be for the delivered.
The levered.
Okay is control and has now to save.
And.
Go check this out.
Or maybe you could alter your stats.
You can see this is the preparing and this is the content for it.
And this is the shipping.
And deliver it.
Okay.
Now, instead of all this, we can create the screens.
So back to the dashboard screens.
What you can do is you can create a new folder for this, or we can just go ahead and create it within
the dashboard screens.
Okay.
The first screen we need is the preparing underscore screen.
Then, though, that.
And we can just go ahead and use this the less we judge for now.
And preparing.
Screen.
Okay.
No highlights and is concerned about the import.
So I think we have to import the material, the dots in order to have access to some lots more property.
Okay.
For now, we can just wrap this with a sensor widget.
And we can then have a child.
Test.
And this is going to say preparing.
Okay.
And we can just copy this.
And back to the dashboard folder.
Dashboard screen folder.
We can then create another screen shipping on the screen.
Then the dot.
And this.
Now what we have to do is to change this to ship in.
Screen.
Okay.
And then I'm going to rename this test to say Shipman.
And lastly, for the delivered.
On this score screen.
Though that.
Okay.
Delivered screen.
And now we have to end this delivered.
Okay.
And now back to the cellar store screen.
We then have to get rid of the sensor widget and then we can call the sorry, the preparing.
Preparing screen.
Okay.
And get rid of this.
We can then call the ship in.
Ship and screen.
And get rid of this.
And now we can call the delivered.
Delivered screen.
Okay.
And what we have to do is we have to restart this and it's going to work as expected.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.